Update and fix typos in getting_started.md (#359)
crev-dev/cargo-crev: cargo-crev/src/doc/getting_started.md

```text
$ cargo crev
cargo-crev 0.17.0

USAGE:
    cargo crev <SUBCOMMAND>

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -V, --version    Prints version information

SUBCOMMANDS:
    config     Local configuration
    crate      Crate related operations (review, verify...)
    id         Id (own and of other users)
    proof      Find a proof in the proof repo
    repo       Proof Repository
    trust      Add a Trust proof by an Id or a URL
    goto       Shortcut for `crate goto`
    open       Shortcut for `crate open`
    publish    Shortcut for `repo publish`
    review     Shortcut for `crate review`
    update     Shortcut for `repo update`
    verify     Shortcut for `crate verify`
```

As you can see, by default `cargo crev` displays the built in help. Try it and
scan briefly over `SUBCOMMANDS` section. It should give you a good overview
of the available functionality.

## Using Subcommands

A subcommand determines the action taken by `cargo-crev`. Some subcommand of `cargo-crev` offer 
an additional level of subcommands. Some of these cascaded subcommands are provided by shortcuts, 

> such as `verify` for `crate  verify`. For specific help regarding a subcommand use the flag `-h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as `verify` for `crate  verify`. For specific help regarding a subcommand use the `-h` flag.
```

> Note: You can abbreviate most of `cargo-crev` subcommands. So you can save some keypresses with: `cargo crev c v`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can abbreviate most `cargo-crev` subcommands. For example: `cargo crev c v`.
```

> ```
> text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

values in other columns are calculated and displayed for.

The `status` column displays the verification status for each crate. A `pass` value

> indicates it has been reviewed by enough trusted people (default is `1`) to consider it trustworthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indicates that it has been reviewed by a sufficient number of trusted peers.
```

I don't think we need to provide the default value here.

Editing the proof is modeled after editing a commit message through `git commit`.

> As you can see helpful documentation is available in the editor. Don't forget

Reviewer: Link on "helpful documentation" instead?

Author: Sure. Done.

```

You can also consider fetching *proofs* from all the users `crev` is aware of - even ones that
are not part of your *WoT*. Use `cargo crev repo fetch all` for that.

## Reviewing code

Try `cargo crev crate verify` again.

If you are moderately lucky, at least some of the dependencies are now passing the verification.

But ultimately someone has to do the review, and at least sometimes you will have to do it yourself.

> Scan the output of `cargo crev crate verify` and pick a crate with low `loc` count. For your first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scan the output of `cargo crev crate verify` and pick a crate with low lines of code (`loc`) count. For your first
```
